Welcome back, Blaine here. We're talking about Elastic Block Storage, or EBS. We've already had a chance to look at the difference between object store and block storage. EBS provides the most common block storage you will use at AWS. When you launch your EC2 instance, you're going to need some kind of block storage to go with it. It's part of the boot volume or maybe it's a separate data volume. And AWS has racks of unused storage that you can provision to sizes as large as you need up to many terabytes in size. When you launch the EC2 instance, the boot volume can attach directly to your EC2 instance, as well as the data volume. These volumes live independent of the EC2 instance themselves. In fact, they may already exist before your EC2 instance launches. When it launches, it simply finds the volume and attaches it the same way you might have an old drive from a laptop. That when you get a brand new laptop, you attach, and you've got the same old data. This EC2 instance, when it connects to the EBS volumes, now has a direct communication to these volumes. Nobody else can talk directly to them. It's how we maintain secure communications at all times. The EBS volumes have a lifecycle independent of EC2. What does this mean? Let's say that this EC2 instance is part of a developer machine that over the weekend, nobody is using because your developers go home over the weekend. So, during those 48 hours, 72 hours, there's no reason to be paying for EC2 because nobody is using it. All you have to do is simply stop the instance. When you stop EC2, the EBS volumes survive. They just simply are no longer connected to the EC2 instance. Then, Monday morning comes around, your developer starts up an EC2 instance, and a brand new instance is created. It reattaches those same EBS volumes the same way you would simply shut down your laptop over the weekend and start it again on Monday. But over the weekend, you didn't have to pay for EC2. But there's more we can take advantage of the idea that EBS lives outside of EC2 because what if I want a more powerful machine? Just like I could take your hard drives out of your existing laptop and put it in a stronger laptop, at AWS, you can simply provision a newer, bigger EC2 instance, stop the old EC2 instance, and then just attach the volumes to your brand new EC2. So, now, I've got the same boot volume, the same applications, the same data only running newer, bigger, stronger. It's one of the many advantages EBS brings to you as part of AWS.