All right. Now that we've learned a little bit about DynamoDB, let's see how our corporate directory application can use it. We're going to hop into the console here. First, I want to show you guys I already have the application up and running on EC2 instance. So I'm going to navigate to the EC2 dashboard, select on the Running Instances, and we're going to look at our DynamoDB demo app. So, I select that, and then I will copy the IP address to that instance, paste it in my address bar, and our application is up and running, and it already has some information populated. This information is being served from DynamoDB. So, let's go back into the management console, go to DynamoDB, and look at the table that this is coming from. We'll click Services. We're going to go to DynamoDB, and then we will select tables. From here, you can see we have an Employees table. This is where our data's coming from. If I select this, and then I select items, you can see here, this is the information that is already stored in the database. So, Morgan Willis, Senior Technical Trainer located in the US. Then we have an object key for our image, which is being stored in S3. So, this is what's already in the application. Let's add one more record and see the table update. So, I'm going to hop back to our corporate directory application and select Add. From here, let's go ahead and add Our Lizard Friend. Location, USA; Job Title, Reptile. Our Lizard Friend is a Mac User, a Frequent Flier and a Coffee Snob. I'm now going to upload a photo, Lizardfriend, and save. So, now we can see a second record has been added to our application. So, if we go back to Dynamo and then we refresh on the items, we can now see we have Our Lizard Friend added into the table. So, to show exactly how easy it is to create a DynamoDB table, let's go ahead and create a brand new one. So, if we bring this over, let's create a new table. I'm going to click the Create table button here. So, now we need to give our new DynamoDB table a name. Let's make this a Students table. So, we're going to add a primary key and the primary key for this table is going to be Name. We're going to leave the default settings for this DynamoDB table, but if you wanted to go in and change the provision capacity to be specific to you, you could do that here. We're going to leave the settings as default and click Create. All right. Our table is now being created. It is really that simple to get started with DynamoDB. Once our table is created, we can then start populating it with our data. We're done. The table has now been created, your applications can point to this table and populate it with data. DynamoDB is fast, simple, and easy to use. For more information on DynamoDB, go to aws.amazon.com/dynamodb.