Building and running your application starts with compute, whether you are building enterprise, cloud-native, or mobile applications; or running massive clusters to sequence the human genome.

AWS offers a comprehensive portfolio of compute services that allow you to develop, deploy, run, and scale your applications and workloads in the world’s most powerful, secure, and innovative compute cloud.

Details about the full range of AWS compute services can be found here .

Later in this module, you will learn about both Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Lightsail. See those sections for more details.

Both serverless computing and container services are beyond the scope of this class. We will cover these topics in subsequent courses, but the following descriptions provide an introduction to some of the key services for serverless computing and containers.

AWS Lambda
AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume--there is no charge when your code isn't running. Additional information about Lambda can be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/lambda

AWS Container Services
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) is a highly scalable, high-performance container orchestration service that supports Docker containers. It allows you to run and scale containerized applications on AWS. You can find more details at: https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/

Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (Amazon EKS) makes it straightforward to deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications that use Kubernetes on AWS. Details can be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/eks/

AWS Fargate is a compute engine for Amazon ECS and Amazon EKS that allows you to run containers without having to manage servers or clusters. You can find more information at: https://aws.amazon.com/fargate/

Note that before you use any of these services, you should check whether they are eligible for the AWS Free Tier: https://aws.amazon.com/free






















AWS Compute services
Category
Use cases
AWS service
Virtual machines
Secure and resizable compute capacity (virtual servers) in the cloud
 Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
Easy-to-use cloud platform that offers you everything you need to build an application or website
 Amazon Lightsail
Containers
Highly secure, reliable, and scalable way to run containers
 Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS)
Easily store, manage, and deploy container images
 Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR)
Fully managed Kubernetes service
 Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)
Serverless
Run code without thinking about servers. Pay only for the compute time you consume
 AWS Lambda
Serverless compute for containers
 AWS Fargate
Edge and hybrid
Run AWS infrastructure and services on premises for a truly consistent hybrid experience
 AWS Outposts
Delivery ultra-low latency application for 5G devices
AWS-Wavelength_Icon_32_Squid AWS Wavelength
Rapidly extend, migrate, and protect your VMware environment to the AWS cloud
 VMware Cloud on AWS
Run latency sensitive applications closer to end-users
 AWS Local Zones
Cost and capacity management
Run fault-tolerant workload for up to 90% off
 Amazon EC2 Spot Instances
Automatically add or remove compute capacity to meet changes in demand
 Amazon EC2 Autoscaling
Fully managed batch processing at any scale
AWS-Batch_Icon_32_Squid AWS Batch
Recommends optimal AWS Compute resources for your workloads to reduce costs and improve performance
AWS-Compute-Optimizer_Icon_32_Squid AWS Compute Optimizer
Easy-to-use service for deploying and scaling web applications and services
AWS-Elastic-Beanstalk_Icon_32_Squid AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Build and maintain secure Linux or Windows Server images
EC2-Image-Builder_Icon_32_Squid EC2 Image Builder
Automatically distribute incoming application traffic across multiple targets
Elastic-Load-Balancing_Icon_32_Squid Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)
The AWS Nitro System
The AWS Nitro System enables AWS to innovate faster, further reduce cost for our customers, and deliver added benefits like increased security and new instance types. AWS has completely re-imagined our virtualization infrastructure. Traditionally, hypervisors protect the physical hardware and bios, virtualize the CPU, storage, networking, and provide a rich set of management capabilities. With the Nitro System, we are able to break apart those functions, offload them to dedicated hardware and software, and reduce our costs by delivering all of the resources of a server to customers.

The Nitro System is comprised of three main parts: The Nitro Cards, the Nitro Security Chip, and the Nitro Hypervisor. The Nitro Cards are a family of cards that offloads and accelerates IO for functions including VPC, EBS, and Instance Storage, ultimately increasing overall system performance. The Nitro Security Chip enables the most secure cloud platform with a minimized attack surface as virtualization and security functions are offloaded to dedicated hardware and software. Additionally, a locked down security model prohibits all administrative access, including those of Amazon employees, eliminating the possibility of human error and tampering. The Nitro Hypervisor is a lightweight hypervisor that manages memory and CPU allocation and delivers performance that is indistinguishable from bare metal.