Storage is a large part of every enterprise architecture. Building and maintaining your own storage repository is complex, expensive, and time-consuming. Like computing, you don't want to underprovision or overprovision for your storage needs.
Start transcript at 16 seconds0:16
And as your application grows, so does the amount of data that comes along with it. You want to ensure that you're prepared for this type of change in storage demands. AWS offers a complete range of cloud storage services to support both application requirements, as well as archival and compliance requirements.
Start transcript at 32 seconds0:32
AWS storage options enable customers to store and access their data over the internet in a durable, reliable, and cost-effective manner.
Start transcript at 40 seconds0:40
You can consume as much or as little storage capacity, as needed, without having to estimate what your storage needs will be ahead of time.
Start transcript at 48 seconds0:48
Different storage services are best used for different purposes.
Start transcript at 53 seconds0:53
Let's think about the corporate address book application we're building. When we look at this page, you can see multiple different types of data. We have both static and dynamic content.
Start transcript at 1 minute 3 seconds1:03
There are images for each contact, as well as information about each contact, like their name and location.
Start transcript at 1 minute 13 seconds1:13
The images are being served from Amazon S3. And information for each contact, like their name and location, is coming from Amazon Relational Database Service, or Amazon RDS. In addition to this, we also need to store the static content that is the actual HTML document for the site.
Start transcript at 1 minute 30 seconds1:30
This is being served from an application server off of EC2.
Start transcript at 1 minute 35 seconds1:35
So why are we storing images in S3, but contact in RDS? S3 is what we call object-level storage, whereas RDS runs on block-level storage. Object-level storage works like this.
Start transcript at 1 minute 52 seconds1:52
If you have an image, like we have here, and you want to update that image, you have to update the entire file. So the whole file's going to change. In contrast, databases like Amazon RDS run on top of block-level storage.
Start transcript at 2 minutes 10 seconds2:10
How this works is if we wanted to change the location for a contact, we could just change the corresponding blocks. We do not need to update the entire data file for every single change. For object storage, we use Amazon S3. This provides highly durable and scalable stores for items like images, videos, text files, and more.
Start transcript at 2 minutes 31 seconds2:31
Storage for databases and EC2 instances use block-level storage, like Amazon Elastic Block Storage, or EBS. For file storage and shared file systems, we offer Amazon Elastic File System, or Amazon EFS.
Start transcript at 2 minutes 47 seconds2:47
Throughout the next few modules, we're going to talk about each of these services, to demonstrate how to store and manage our data with AWS.