Welcome back. Blaine here. We want to talk about load balancing. Load balancing is not a new concept. As we look at a complex application, you might have a variety of different application servers, that all need to take traffic balanced from the outside. There have been many tools that have existed for many years, HA proxy servers, or more complex vendors like F5. At AWS, we believe in eliminating undifferentiated heavy lifting. In other words, everyone needs load balancing, so we provide it as a service. Introducing Amazon Elastic Load Balancer, or ELB, and the idea behind elastic load balancing is it is a regional service, that launches inside your VPC. When you launch it, you have got a number of flavors you can choose from based on your application needs, whether you just want pure network load balancing or sophisticated application-level load balancing, they can send to different parts of your application based on what it sees, but the fundamentals are the same. Traffic comes into the load balancer from the outside, and it doesn't matter the volume, you don't have to tell us in advance if this is a small amount of traffic or large amount of traffic, because the point of being elastic is it knows automatically how to scale. And being a regional construct, as opposed to just being a server, means you don't have to worry about maintaining individual nodes, or maintaining any kind of high availability. It's automatically highly available. The traffic comes in, and the elastic load balancer knows all of the different instances that are signed up to take traffic, and in fact if you have auto scaling set up, and more instances come online, then the elastic load balancer can absolutely send traffic to those as well. The advantage then is automatic traffic distribution, to the instances, and it doesn't even have to come from external traffic. ELB can also be used internally to help decouple instances. For example, you might have a front-end web server fleet, that then wants to communicate to an application tier. Instead of having each front-end web server know each application tier, you can simply have your elastic load balancer in between, take care of handling all those relationships. When you need load balancing, ELB does it as a service, to save your time and effort, but still get the results you need.